In this lecture we will learn how we can animate elements heightened with using CSSA.
First let's say at a div that we can stylize an anime then we will get an opening and closing style
tag so that we can embed some CSSA code into our webpage.
We will add the div selector and give our give a width and height of 100 pixels then we will give our
div a background color of black.
After that we will add the animation to our div.
The name of the animation we will create is size and the duration will be one second and we will make
our animation loop by using the infinite keyword.
Next we will write the code for animation.
We will first add that keyframes rule followed by the name of our animation which in this case is size
and we are going to animate the height and width to make the object grow and shrink on the webpage at
keyframes 0 percent and 100 percent we will give our div a width and height of 100 pixels at keyframes
30 percent 50 percent and 70 percent we will give our div a height and width of 200 pixels.
Finally let's run our code and see the animation in action.
In the next lecture we will learn about the fun properties that CSSA allows us to animate.